Hello,
I'm Austin Bridgewater.

Over the course of the gold badge we have been tought how to create a console application within VS community.
For this portion of the course we have been give eight different challenges to complete.
The minimum we had to complete was three of the eight.
Unsure of which ones to do. I decided to let the computer choose.
I created three random numbers between one and eight

These are my gold badge challenges.

Challenge 2:  Claims					Finished: 1st

In this challenge I was tasked with creating a console app that could record, track, and complete insurance claims that come through the firm. 
Though at first glance it seemed like the easiest of the challenges I was assigned. 
The main goal of this challenge was to effectively use a queue. (I've never used a queue -__-)
After about a hour of research and some questions asked, I was to teach myself some basics that I would need for my queue.
Now the console app is able to view the details of the claim at the front of the queue.
Give the option the complete the claim or move on.
The app also give you the options to create and add a new claim to the queue, and view all of the claims in the queue.

Challenge 4: Company Outings					Finished: 2nd

In this challenge they asked me to create a console app that could record, track, view, and display the price od company outings.
Out of the first three challenges I have completed this one required the least research.
I tested me in other ways though. 
I was force to use a lot more locig to complete the task at hand.
Returning the price of the outings was easy until I had to fin the average of each company outing.
I had in learn how to increment a value with a set value in a list. 
I learned a lot about how logic could be essential in anything we do.

Challenge 7: Barbeque					Finished: 3rd

This challege. This challenge was the hardest of the first three I completed.
In this challenge I had to create a console app that could create and track statistics of a company barbeque.
I think the hardest part of this challenge was figuring out how to layout my classes.
Mainly how each employee would visit the booth with their tickets and how much it would cost per ticket used.
After some brainstroming I was able to complete the task and am able to find the average ticket cost for every barbeque that the company has ever had.